Replace mailing list promos on main content pages (#4573)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/pay-and-benefits/teachers-pension-scheme.md

description: |-
  The teachers' pension scheme is one of the most generous in the country. Learn more about the benefits of the teachers' pension scheme.
image: false
cta_mailinglist:
  mailinglist:

>     text: Explore more benefits of teaching, and learn what it's really like to be in the classroom.

Reviewer: Again, I know this is in prod but is there a better way to word this than Explore? That doesn't seem appropriate here?

>     text: Explore more benefits of teaching, and learn what it's really like to be in the classroom.

Author: ```suggestion
    text: Get free guidance and support on getting into teaching, including learning more about the benefits of a career in teaching.
```
